.TH SIT-NEW 1 sit\-%VERSION%
.SH NAME
sit-new \- %DESCRIPTION%
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sit new
.IR [option...]
[--]
.IR title
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsit new\fP creates a new issue, and prints the
new ticket ID to stdout.
.PP
This command will automatically set the title to
\fItitle\fP, the reporter to the creator of the
issue, and the creation time to the current time.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-a \fIfirst-affected[..last-affected]\fP
Declare that version \fIfirst-affected\fP, or the
version range \fIfirst-affected\fP to \fIlast-affected\fP,
of the project is affected by the issue.
.TP
.B \-A \fIassignee\fP
Assigne the issue to \fIassignee\fP.
.TP
.B \-b \fIbranch\fP
Associate the branch \fIbranch\P with a ticket.
.TP
.B \-c \fIcategory\fP
Add the category \fIcategory\fP to the ticket.
.TP
.B \-C \fIcve-number\fP
Add the CVE number \fIcve-number\fP to the ticket.
.TP
.B \-d \fIdue-date\fP
Set the due date for the ticket to \fIdue-date\fP.
\fIdue-date\fP should be in seconds since Epoch.
.TP
.B \-m \fImilestone\fP
Associate a milestone with the ticket.
.TP
.B \-p \fIprogress-branch\fP
Declare that you are working on fixing the issue
on the branch \fIprogress-branch\fP.
.TP
.B \-s \fIseverity\fP
The the severity of the issue to \fIseverity\fP.
.TP
.B \-S \fIstatus\fP
The the status of the issue to \fIstatus\fP.
.TP
.B \-u \fIfirst-unaffected[..last-unaffected]\fP
Declare that version \fIfirst-unaffected\fP, or the
version range \fIfirst-unaffected\fP to \fIlast-unaffected\fP,
of the project is not affected by the issue.
.TP
.B \-v
Declare your interest seeing the issue resolved.
.TP
.B \-w
Open \fIeditor\fP for writing a comment.
.TP
.B \-W \fIcomment\fP
Add the comment \fIcomment\fP.
.SH AUTHORS
See the LICENSE file for the authors.
.SH LICENSE
See the LICENSE file for the terms of redistribution.
.SH BUGS
Please report them.

